# Motivation and Contents

I have used some of my expertise to configure and assemble these simulations using ROS 2 Jazzy, because this is a major barrier for most of the students that have crossed paths with me.

## Letter to the Community [link](#letter-to-the-community-link)

Before you read this statement, I would like to clarify that I'm doing this Open Source software because I'm really tired of the academia and private sectors and also from people that have very little to offer, when they prefer competing against others instead of collaborating and nurturing. In my experiences, I've realised that both, academia and private sectors, are not a very healthy place, mostly because people often wanna pursuit their agendas and compete against others instead of colaborating and nurturing, which is a behavior I have had in the past when I was younger. This is a fact that many researchers I've meet discuss and is corroborated by the fact that Open Source initiatives, in the academia for example, are often in the form of unfinished work that the student or the author, mostly with limited funding, is confortable in sharing with others when he or she is not trying to compete to feed his ego. I believe that this is mostly true because one can feel a litle bit better knowing that perhaps his place in the world could be guaranteed above someoneelse, with a better research, a better product, a better laboratory, a better student, a better department, a better software, so on a so forth. Most of the laboratories do not share ongoing research or state-of-the-art methods, but rather periferal works, which is something that I see people often discussing in meetings. This statement seems a litle bit radical, however, I would like to clarify that these words are not mine, which I could support with some examples. Another huge problem that one with a bare intellect can realise is the peer-review system, however I will let you think about it yourself. I believe that all the threachrous environment that it is could be inherent from the human nature, as it is having to eat, breath, and drink water, nurtured by the lack of funding, lack of appreciation over one's expertise and experiences, such as people constantly trying to steal expertise for personal use, lack of honesty and sincerity, and lack of intellectual maturity, which potentialise selfish behaviors that are harmfull to society. Furthermore, to avoid letting this statement being throw without further discussion, one should note that interests must be satisfied for this world to work, which is an argument you can extrapolate on if you want and that imply that people are inclined to further their agendas by stepping over others without consequences. Consequently, even though I'm from an emerging country in a very competitive environment with inexistent budged and with a wage that is unproportional to my efforts and expertise, I will feel glad to share some contents with the community that could get useful. Finally, I would like to ask you, if any of these contents are usefull to you, please at least mention this repository as it is required in the adopted license terms and if I can help you with something, please contact me.

